public class - Initialize the Seating Chart
Create a one-dimensional array with 10 elements to represent the seats on the plane. Initialize all elements to false, indicating that all seats are available.

Print the menu options to the console, prompting the user to choose either '1' for First Class or '2' for Economy.
Take input from the user. If the input is not 1 or 2, prompt the user again until a valid input is received.

If the user selects '1' loop through elements 0-4 of the array to check for an available seat (false). If found, set it to true and print the boarding pass.
If the user selects '2' loop through elements 5-9 of the array to find an available seat (false). If found, set it to true and print the boarding pass.
If the chosen section is full, ask the user if they want to be placed in the alternative section. If yes, search for an available seat in that section. If no, print the message 'Next flight leaves in 3 hours.'
Once a seat has been successfully assigned, print a boarding pass with the seat number and the class of the seat (First Class or Economy).
Repeat the Process
Keep repeating steps 2-7 until all seats are filled. When all seats are taken, inform any additional users that the flight is full.






























Your application should display the following alternatives: Please type 1 for First Class and Please type 2 for Economy.
If the user types 1, your application should assign a seat in the first class section (seats 1–5).
If the user types 2, your application should assign a seat in the economy section (seats 6–10).
Your application should then display a boarding pass indicating the person’s seat number and whether it’s in the first-class or economy section of the plane.
Use a one-dimensional array of primitive type boolean to represent the seating chart of the plane. Initialize all the elements of the array to false to indicate that all the seats are empty.
As each seat is assigned, set the corresponding element of the array to true to indicate that the seat is no longer available.
Your application should never assign a seat that has already been assigned. When the economy section is full, your application should ask the person if it’s acceptable to be placed in the first-class section (and vice versa). If yes, make the appropriate seat assignment. If no, display the message “Next flight leaves in 3 hours.”






 Please type 1 for First Class and Please type 2 for Economy. If the user types 1, your application should assign a seat in the first class section (seats 1–5). If the user types 2, your application should assign a seat in the economy section (seats 6–10). Your application should then display a boarding pass indicating the person’s seat number and 
